新概念英语第一册Lesson 117 Tommy’s breakfast
时间：2005-04-23 16:00:00

搜索关注在线英语听力室公众号：tingroom，领取免费英语资料大礼包。

（单词翻译）

　　Lesson 117 Tommy’s breakfast

　　听录音，然后回答问题。What does she mean by 'change  in the last sentence?
最后一名话中的“change" 是什么意思


When my husband was going into the dining-room this morning , he dropped some coins on the floor.
There were coins everywhere. We looked for them, but we could not find them all.
While we were having breakfast, our little boy, Tommy, found two small coins on the floor.
He put them both into his mouth. We both tried to get the coins, but it was too late. Tommy had already swallowed them!
Later that morning, when I was doing the housework, my husband telephoned me from the office.
“How’s Tommy?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” I answered, “Tommy’s been to the lavatory1 three times this morning, but I haven’t had any change yet!”
New Word and expressions 生词和短语
dinning2 room
饭厅
coin
n. 硬币
mouth
n. 嘴
swallow
v. 吞下
later
adv. 后来
toilet
n. 厕所，盥洗室
参考译文
今天早晨我丈夫走进饭厅时，把一些硬币掉在地上了。
到处都是硬币。我们虽然找了，但没有把它们全部找到。
正当我们吃早饭时，我们的小男孩汤米在地上找到两枚小硬币。
他把这两枚硬币全都放进嘴里。我们俩都试图把这两枚硬币拿出来，但太迟了。汤米已经把硬币咽了下去！
那天下午的晚些时候，当我正做家务时，我丈夫从办公室打来电话。
“汤米怎么样？”他问。“我不知道”，我回答说，“今天上午汤米去了3次厕所了，但我还没看到硬币！”

 

　　自学导读
1．look for，寻找（强调动作过程）；find，找到（强调寻找的结果）。
2．Tommy had already swallowed them! 汤米已经把硬币咽了下去！
句中用了过去完成时形式 had swallowed。过去完成时用来表示过去两个动作中发生在前的那个动作。显然，句中咽下硬币的动作发生在夫妇俩能够把硬币从汤米手中抢过来之前。
3．later that morning,那天上午的晚些时候。
later是副词late的比较级。
4．any change
change是个多义词，既有“零钱”的意思，也有“变化”的意思。此处既可指“硬币”；也可指“情况的变化”。这是双关（pun /p)n/）修辞法。


　语法  Grammar in use
过去进行时
构成： be的过去式+现在分词。
过去进行时表示过去某时正在进行的情况或动作。过去进行时和一般过去时经常在同一个句子里使用。过去进行时表示过去正在进行的情况或动作，一般过去时则表示比较短暂的动作或事件。过去进行时的时间状语从句一般由when，while及（just）as等来引导，说明主句中动作发生时的背景。此外，可用 while或 at the time等强调同时进行的两种或几种动作。请看例句：
When I was doing the housework, my husband telephoned me from the office.
当我正在干家务时，我丈夫从办公室打电话给我。
While I was listening to the stereo3, my mother came into the room.
我正在听立体声节目时，我母亲进房间了。
Just as she was cleaning her shoes, George knocked at the door.
她正在擦鞋时，乔治敲门了。
While I was cooking the dinner ,he was working in the garden.
我做饭时，他正在花园里劳作。


词汇学习  Word study
1．swallow  v.
（1）吞下，咽下：
Tommy had swallowed the coins.
汤米把硬币吞下去了。
（2）抑制，使不流露：
I tried hard to swallow my doubts.
我强忍着不露出怀疑的神色。
She swallowed a smile and sat there still.
她忍住没笑，静静地坐在那里。
（3）吞并；侵吞：
Our company was swallowed up by an American company last year.
我们公司去年被一家美国公司吞并了。
Nazi4 Germany nearly swallowed up the whole Europe in World War Ⅱ.
第二次世界大战中，纳粹德国几乎吞并了整个欧洲。
2．ring  v.
（1）鸣响；发出清脆的响声：
When I was opening the front door, the telephone rang.
我正开前门时，电话铃响了。
Yesterday morning, my alarm clock didn't ring at 7 o'clock as usual.
昨天早上，我的闹钟没像往常那样在7点钟闹。
（2）打电话；按铃：
You said you were going to ring me last night, but you didn't.
你说过你昨晚会给我打电话的，然而你并没有打。
Somebody is ringing the doorbell.
有人在按门铃。


练习答案  Key to written exercises
Lesson 118
A
1  He knocked at the door when I was answering the phone.
2  He came downstairs when I was having breakfast.
3  The phone rang when I was washing the dishes.
4  The boss arrived when she was typing a letter.
5  The train left when I was buying the tickets.
6  It rained heavily when I was driving to London.
B
1  When he arrived I was cooking a meal.
2  When he arrived I was washing the dishes.
3  When he arrived I was working in the garden.
4  When he arrived I was typing letters.
5  When he arrived I was shaving.
6  When he arrived I was boiling the milk.
7  When he arrived I was phoning my sister.
8  When he arrived I was dusting the bedroom.
C
1  While I was cooking the dinner, he was having a wash.
2  While I was cooking the dinner ,he was watching television.
3  While I was cooking the dinner, he was cleaning his shoes.
4  While I was cooking the dinner, he was listening to the radio.
5  While I was cooking the dinner, he was changing his suit.
6  While I was cooking the dinner, he was sitting in the dining room.
7  While I was cooking the dinner, he was reading the paper.
8  While I was cooking the dinner, he was driving home from work.



分享到：

